#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   djoser
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
build==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
    #   pur
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djoser
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage==7.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==38.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   odfpy
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
diff-match-patch==20200713
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-import-export
dj-database-url==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-filter
    #   django-import-export
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-yasg
django-debug-toolbar==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==22.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-import-export==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-rest-framework==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-templated-mail==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djoser
django-truncate==0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-rest-framework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework-api-key==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework-queryfields==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework-simplejwt==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djoser
djoser==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-yasg==1.21.4
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openpyxl
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreschema
markuppy==1.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tablib
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
numpy==1.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tablib
openpyxl==3.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tablib
packaging==22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   drf-yasg
pandas==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pep517==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
pip-tools==6.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2==2.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2-binary==2.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pur==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   social-auth-core
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2022.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tablib
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   rollbar
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-core
rich==13.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rollbar==0.16.3
    # via -r requirements.in
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rollbar
    #   social-auth-app-django
social-auth-app-django==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djoser
social-auth-core==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-import-export
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
wheel==0.38.4
    # via pip-tools
whitenoise==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tablib

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
